Update code intel docs (#29313)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_intelligence/explanations/features.md

Using our [integrations](../../../integration/index.md), all code intelligence features are available everywhere you read code! This includes in browsers and GitHub pull requests.

<img src="../img/extension-example.gif" width="450" style="margin-left:0;margin-right:0;"/>

## Popover

Popovers allow you to quickly glance at the type signature and accompanying documentation of a symbol definition without having to context switch to another source file (which may or may not be available while browsing code).

<img src="../img/popover.png" width="500"/>

## Go to definition

> When you click on a symbol's name or select 'Go to definition' from the popover, you will be navigated directly to the definition of the symbol.

Reviewer: symbol's name from the sidebar?

Reviewer: Or in the code view (because both should be true)

Author: ```suggestion
When you click on the 'Go to definition' button in the popover or click on a symbol's name (either in the sidebar or in the code view), you will be navigated directly to the definition of the symbol.
```

Author: @efritz do you think this is clear enough? If it's too much info I was considering a bulleted short list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click on the 'Go to definition' button in the popover or click on a symbol's name (in the sidebar or code view), you will be navigated directly to the definition of the symbol.
```

Reviewer: Doesn't seem especially clunky.
